third is the group that I have the
group of people I already say the ones that came
those who did not play the ones that touched them
being outside is a group of very
good and that inspires me that
when you have a very human group
good
you can do important things well
what we are going to look for I think that
we are very calm I see it in the
locker room
that they go out to look for the
match but
as of when the matches end
we are thinking about the next and good
now we are already thinking we are leaving
we were talking a little bit so
He had lost the party than good
let's start doing so
while ours they are with the
head so I have no doubt that they are going
to do throughout the year it seems to me that
we are going to make it much easier
thing and let's see that tranquility
the one that refers without doubt that nothing
in the results for lemons and the
team may not be able to do it in the way that
as a volume of play everything but
work in the week they grab
correct but outside plays what
I pretend what happens that plays what
reprimand also with you I do not think that
we have made a bad match if you
they look at a match that was cut
constantly and that did not allow us
have that game volume and the
intensity that we want to impose but
well we do not end up getting adapted
not to what is happening in the game
here the same if the ball does not run the
game volume is very difficult
beyond those little things that yes
that still needs to work with the
results back
in this in this match I only requested
the volume of play the reality
requested that it was going to be a party
physical basis to an organized party and
that we were going to have space for
rest sideways with the
ball can not have volume of
game when the ball does not run the
down
to me they give me tranquility those that I have
in there those who stayed there
I have twenty of guys who throw themselves
of head that have a barbarous desire
and who want to be a protagonist then
on that basis everything is facilitated
as for how the court was
it looks good or by features it was not
the best to see
I saw that the game we could not have for
the outside and good and west the changes
that from starting from goal I
I wanted to save one because I think that
when I connected very much you could give the
goal I wanted to save the change of sun and
that I had it in my head to stop
last balls that is that they were going to be
that ended in part with the
collective I do not know what I do not know that I believed
that they were not going to stay like that
They were 45 believed they were not going to stay
a couple more here at the end especially
because I needed results
they were going to come and we had gotten
the two planes this on the outside that
I think with space and we're going to
estimate was given one always thinks that it
can what if it takes a little bit right now
what we were a thousand meters from franc
I do not know
I said please raise before the
arms because we had a delay with the
important celebration until it did not raise
the arms we did not know we had
been in the same thing with this
it's already a bit far away van gogh